CLI tests (#105)
encukou/freezeyt: README.md

  * `python -m freezeyt demo_app_url_for _build --prefix http://freezeyt.test/foo/`

> ### How to use CLI of freezeyt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to use freezeyt CLI
```

#### Mandatory positional arguments:

1. **module name**

Module path to application, which we are going to freeze via freezeyt.

Examples:

>     app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    app
    připomínka
```

or

    folder1.folder2.app

2. **destination path**

> Path to dir, where we want to save output html file of freezed application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path to dir, where we want to save the frozen output.
```

> Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:
```

    path/to/output_dir

#### Optional arguments:

1. **--prefix**

URL, where we want to deploy our static site

Examples:

    --prefix http://localhost:8000/
or

    --prefix https://pyladies.cz/

2. **--extra-page**

> Path to page without any link in application. The number of pages to add is not limited. Each page has to be add with option `--extra-page` see examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path to page without any link in application. The number of pages to add is not limited. Each page has to be added with the `--extra-page` option see examples.
```

Examples:

    --extra-page /extra/

or

    --extra-page /extra/extra1/ --extra-page /extra2/

3. **-c/--config**

> Path to configuration file in format YAML. Scheme of file has to be made as python dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path to the configuration file in YAML format. Scheme of file has to be made as Python dictionary.
```

Allowable keys of configuration file are:

* prefix
* extra-pages

> * extra-files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* extra-files
připomínka
```

_Note:_

Value of extra-files has to be another dictionary, which is made as:

```python
    {
      "name_of_file": "content_of_file",
      "CNAME": "pyladies.cz",
    }
```

Example of YAML file:

```YAML
prefix: https://pyladies.cz/
extra_pages: /extra/
extra_files:
      CNAME: pylades.cz,
      .nojekyll: '',
      config/xyz: abc,
      smile.png: b'\x89PNG\r\n\x1a\n\0\0\0\rIHDR\0\0\0\x08\0\0\0\x08\x08\x04\0\0\0n\x06v\0\0\0\0#IDAT\x08\xd7cd``\xf8\xcf\x80\0\x8c\xa8\\ \x8f\tB!\x91D\xab\xf8\x8f\x10D\xd3\xc2\x88n-\0\x0e\x1b\x0f\xf9LT9_\0\0\0\0IEND\xaeB`\x82'
```

> Examples of use options `--config`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of use `--config` option:
```

    -c path/to/config.yaml

#### Conflict situations

> CLI can be used just with options, just with configuration file or combined of them. If we combine configuration and options it is necessary to be aware of conflicts that may occur. These situtations are described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CLI can be used just with options, just with configuration file or using combination of both. If we combine configuration and options it is necessary to be aware of conflicts that may occur. These situations are described below.
```
